[Tabbed Application Mode article] Add `"tab_strip"` details (#8456)
GoogleChrome/web.dev: src/site/content/en/blog/tabbed-application-mode/index.md

```json
{
  "display": "standalone",
  "display_override": ["tabbed"]
}
```

Next, the property `"tab_strip"` can optionally be used to fine-tune the tab behavior. It has two
allowed sub-properties, `"home_tab"` and `"new_tab_button"`. If the `"tab_strip"` property is not

> present, the particular properties' `"auto"` values are used. The browser can decide what values to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
present, the particular properties' `"auto"` values are used. The browser determans what values to
```

Reviewer: What is the issue here?

use for `"auto"`.

### Home tab

The home tab is a pinned tab that, if enabled for an app, should always be present when the app is
open. This tab should never navigate. Links clicked from this tab should open in a new app tab. Apps
can choose to customize the URL this tab is locked to and the icon displayed on the tab.

The allowed values for `"home_tab"` are:

- `"auto"` to let the browser determine what to do.
- `"absent"` to tell the browser to not show a home tab.
- An object with two sub-properties:
  - `"url"` with the allowed values of `"auto"` or a URL to lock the home tab to.
  - `"icons"` with the allowed values of `"auto"` or an array of icons as in the main
    [`"icons"` property](/add-manifest/#icons).

### New tab button

The new tab button, if present, should open a new tab at a URL that is within the scope of the app.

> The app may choose to set a custom URL and icon for this button. Browsers can decide how to handle

Reviewer: >custom URL

Based on the previous statement, I'd think this goes without saying. Am I missing something?

Author: It's a different context, just the behavior happens to be the same.

Reviewer: If custom URL = out of scope URL, you should make the clear.

Author: Added that the URL needs to be in-scope.

dragging these tabs around to create new windows or combine with browser tabs.

The allowed values for `"new_tab_button"` are:

- `"auto"` to let the browser determine what to do.
- `"absent"` to tell the browser to not show a new tab button.
- An object with two sub-properties:

>   - `"url"` with the allowed values of `"auto"` or a URL to open new tabs on.

Author: ```suggestion
  - `"url"` with the allowed values of `"auto"` or an in-scope URL to open new tabs on.
```
